Mercedes reveals the new glk volvo tries
to make some linsanity and how would you
like an audi r8 for the weekend it's a
tweet deal it just takes one tweet
details + video of a record number of
burnouts is all straight ahead this is
Autoweek TV for thursday i'm greg Bigley
ory let's make it happen so let's jump
right in with pictures of the newest glk
SUV which appears at the new york auto
show with some changes to the fascia the
bumpers and other stylings now it goes
on sale in august and we expect this to
be a very fun car to drive for an SUV
now here's the big news a diesel
four-cylinder will join the lineup next
year volvo sign new york knicks star
jeremy lin to appear in commercials in
the United States and China with Lin
working as its brand ambassador volvo
hopes the popular basketball player will
help boost sales and speaking of
popularity audi is bringing back its
tweet for an hour eight contests that's
right tweet the hashtag one in our eight
and you have a chance to drive the
supercar on the track or you could take
one home for the weekend now eight
winners will be chosen and the contest
runs through october 29th ok that's it
for Autoweek TV for thursday but i
believe i mentioned something about
burnouts here's the world record attempt
is 75 cars shred their tires can they do
it watch and see and as always enjoy the
drive
catch all the latest autoinducers
news.com in auto magazine and i ratted
ish talk with us on Facebook YouTube and
Twitter at Autoweek USA